Docs 6867 visualizer visualization doc move (#59)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/standalone-mule-setup.adoc

> 

Reviewer: SCAN

To support Anypoint Visualizer for standalone Mule deployments, install the xref:monitoring::am-installing.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring agent].
Anypoint Visualizer requires header injection for standalone Mule deployments so that the deployments display the correct connections.

> Due to a potential performance impact, however, the header injection is disabled by default for Mule 4 apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a potential performance impact, however, header injection is disabled by default for Mule 4 apps.
```

[NOTE]

> The APIs and policies that Anypoint Visualizer displays in the Policy Visualization come from an update to the agent. As a result, policies are shown in Anypoint Visualizer only if your deployments use an agent from <DATE> or later.

Author: ```suggestion
The APIs and policies that Anypoint Visualizer displays in the Policy visualization come from an update to the agent. As a result, policies are shown in Anypoint Visualizer only if your deployments use an agent from December 19, 2019 or later.
```

> // add date! dependency!

Reviewer: yeppers!
